ROX-30124: Save release and snapshots of the Release (#157)
stackrox/operator-index: README.md

1. Make sure you [logged in](https://spaces.redhat.com/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=407312060#HowtoeverythingKonfluxforRHACS-GettingocCLItoworkwithKonflux) to the Konflux cluster.
2. Make sure you checked out the latest master branch: `git checkout master && git pull`
3. Generate Release and Snapshot CRs by running `./scripts/generate-releases.sh <staging|prod>`. Use `staging` for test release and `prod` for production one.
4. Create a PR which adds the file created by the script, get the PR reviewed and merged.

> 5. Go to the `#acs-operator-index-release` channel, and:

Reviewer: Please make `#acs-operator-index-release` be a link like we have `#konflux-users` below.

   1. make sure the previous operator index release is complete (has a green check mark emoticon)
   2. if not, coordinate with the person conducting that release

>    3. once that release is complete, start a new thread for the release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. once that release is complete, start a new thread for your release
```

> 6. Apply generated CRs to the cluster: `oc create -f release-history/YYYY-MM-DD-SHA-<staging|prod>.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Apply generated CRs to the cluster: `oc create -f release-history/<YYYY-MM-DD>-<SHA>-<staging|prod>.yaml`
```

1. Make sure you [logged in](https://spaces.redhat.com/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=407312060#HowtoeverythingKonfluxforRHACS-GettingocCLItoworkwithKonflux) to the Konflux cluster.
2. Make sure you checked out the latest master branch: `git checkout master && git pull`

> 3. Generate Release CR by running `./scripts/generate-releases.sh <staging|prod>`. Use `staging` for test release and `prod` for production one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Generate Release and Snapshot CRs by running `./scripts/generate-releases.sh <staging|prod>`. Use `staging` for test release and `prod` for production one.
```

> 4. Create a PR which adds the file created by the script, get it reviewed and merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a PR which adds the file created by the script, get the PR reviewed and merged.
```

5. Go to the `#acs-operator-index-release` channel, and:
   1. make sure the previous operator index release is complete (has a green check mark emoticon)

>    2. if not, coordinate with the current release owner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. if not, coordinate with the person conducting that release
```

>    3. once it is, start a new thread for the release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. once that release is complete, start a new thread for the release
```

>    3. once it is, start a new thread for the release

Author: Hm, I'm not sure it would be that useful... might get lost in the scrollback, given that we have the intermediate step to create and merge the PR, which can take hours.
But maybe I'm misunderstanding something... what's the relation between this message and release announcement? 🤔

>    3. once it is, start a new thread for the release

Reviewer: When you (as a person conducting the release) announce a release, it'd be nice to specify what file you are releasing. This way, we could later use Slack history to relate what was done, when and by whom.
This is an optional nice-to-have, so I don't insist. When we recognize a more concrete need, we can create a ticket to implement that.

6. Apply generated CRs to the cluster: `oc create -f release-history/YYYY-MM-DD-SHA-<staging|prod>.yaml`

> 7. Monitor release [using monitor release script](#monitoring-release). Release can have `Succeeded` or `Failed` statuses.
>    1. If a release fails, re-run it from konflux UI (Application page -> `Releases` tab -> 3 dots on the right -> `Re-run release`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Monitor the release progress [using monitor release script](#monitoring-release) until Release CRs have `Succeeded` or `Failed` statuses.
   1. If any of the Release CRs ends up `Failed`, re-run it from konflux UI (Application page -> `Releases` tab -> 3 dots on the right -> `Re-run release`).
   2. This creates a new Release CR. Monitor it and keep re-running until it succeeds.
   3. If you find yourself re-running a Release five times or more, open a high severity request in [#konflux-users](https://redhat.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C04PZ7H0VA8) Slack channel describing the problem and providing names/links to Release CRs.
```

> 8. Once done, go back to slack and mark the release as complete by applying a green check mark emoticon on the initial message of the thread you started earleir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once done, go back to the Slack thread you started earlier, add a message that your release is done and add a green check mark emoticon on the initial message of the thread.
9. At this point the FBC release is done. If you perform it as part of a bigger release procedure, you should go back to that procedure and continue with further steps.
```

1. Make sure you [logged in](https://spaces.redhat.com/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=407312060#HowtoeverythingKonfluxforRHACS-GettingocCLItoworkwithKonflux) to the Konflux cluster.
2. Make sure you checked out the latest master branch: `git checkout master && git pull`
3. Generate Release and Snapshot CRs by running `./scripts/generate-releases.sh <staging|prod>`. Use `staging` for test release and `prod` for production one.

> 4. Create a PR which adds the file created by the script, get the PR reviewed and merged.
> 5. Go to the [#acs-operator-index-release](https://redhat.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C096WU0GZUG) channel, and:
>    1. make sure the previous operator index release is complete (has a green check mark emoticon)
>    2. if not, coordinate with the person conducting that release
>    3. once that release is complete, start a new thread for your release
> 6. Apply generated CRs to the cluster: `oc create -f release-history/<YYYY-MM-DD>-<SHA>-<staging|prod>.yaml`
> 7. Monitor the release progress [using monitor release script](#monitoring-release) until Release CRs have `Succeeded` or `Failed` statuses.
>    1. If any of the Release CRs ends up `Failed`, re-run it from konflux UI (Application page -> `Releases` tab -> 3 dots on the right -> `Re-run release`).
>    2. This creates a new Release CR. Monitor it and keep re-running until it succeeds.
>    3. If you find yourself re-running a Release five times or more, open a high severity request in [#konflux-users](https://redhat.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C04PZ7H0VA8) Slack channel describing the problem and providing names/links to Release CRs.
> 8. Once done, go back to the Slack thread you started earlier, add a message that your release is done and add a green check mark emoticon on the initial message of the thread.
> 9. At this point the FBC release is done. If you perform it as part of a bigger release procedure, you should go back to that procedure and continue with further steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. (Skip for `staging` release.) Create a PR which adds the file created by the script, get the PR reviewed and merged.
5. (Skip for `staging` release.) Go to the [#acs-operator-index-release](https://redhat.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C096WU0GZUG) channel, and:
   1. make sure the previous operator index release is complete (has a green check mark emoticon)
   2. if not, coordinate with the person conducting that release
   3. once that release is complete, start a new thread for your release
6. Apply generated CRs to the cluster: `oc create -f release-history/<YYYY-MM-DD>-<SHA>-<staging|prod>.yaml`
7. Monitor the release progress [using monitor release script](#monitoring-release) until Release CRs have `Succeeded` or `Failed` statuses.
   1. If any of the Release CRs ends up `Failed`, re-run it from konflux UI (Application page -> `Releases` tab -> 3 dots on the right -> `Re-run release`).
   2. This creates a new Release CR. Monitor it and keep re-running until it succeeds.
   3. If you find yourself re-running a Release five times or more, open a high severity request in [#konflux-users](https://redhat.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C04PZ7H0VA8) Slack channel describing the problem and providing names/links to Release CRs.
8. (Skip for `staging` release.) Once done, go back to the Slack thread you started earlier, add a message that your release is done and add a green check mark emoticon on the initial message of the thread.
9. At this point the FBC release is done. If you perform it as part of a bigger release procedure, you should go back to that procedure and continue with further steps.
```
